Now, the component that I forgot to mention earlier since we're
here talking about the network in part is the routing table.
Let's see if we can find that.
Route table I believe is proper,
there it is, route table.
So the route table is what we're going to use to specify the routing traffic rules.
What that means is, we want to make the private subnets be able to reach the Internet.
So how did we do that?
We associate those two private subnets to a routing table,
and what we're going to specify as a simple routing rule in there.
Actually two. The number one is the default,
that's inside the BPC and we just mentioned that a moment ago,
which is all inbound and outbound traffic is allowed unrestricted,
provided it is within the isolated BPC Cloud.
So there's no problem there.
This is fully open,
those are your servers,
so the traffic is really trusted in there.
Now, if we're going to the Internet,
we're going to allow outbound traffic only for the private subnets,
so we're going to route Internet traffic
from the private subnets from any server in there,
going through the NATS.
It's going to look, it's going to make
more sense to you once we explain this in the code,
but for now just visualize that we have a rule that says,
if you're going to reach any address that is not within this BPC,
you should go from the private traffic to the public subnet which
has NAT service and control that traffic flow from there.
Now this doesn't apply to the public subnet.
The public subnet have another routing rule
and that rule is going to be any traffic that you want,
you can send that directly to the Internet Gateway.
We don't have any restrictions,
whether is inbound or outbound.